Things to do at competition:
1 (Tyler- Need Robot). Re-upload field.csv
DONE				2 (Tyler). Change back all of the emulated joysticks for autonomous code.
DONE				3 (Tyler). Change back the velocity to 55 inches/sec in MachineState.java
4 (Tyler -Need robot). Make sure autonomous angle offset is the same for both robots.
5 (Edgar -Need robot). Enable break mode on all the talons
6 (Tyler - Need robot). Make sure that the robot can handle the 3 visual inputs at competition (it cannot right now).
7 (Practice time - Need Robot). Make sure that the robot can go over all the different obstacles.
8 (Edgar - need robot). Make sure that the pre game setup code cannot break.
9 (Edgar - Need Robot). Make sure that the co-pilots stick works
10 (Tyler - Need Robot). Test state 5 at competition.
11 (Tyler - Need Robot). Create state 6.
12 (Edgar - need Robot). Finish test program & test robot tester.
13 (Edgar - need robot). Arduino Lights
14 (Collin - robot). Camera mounting position needs to be figured out.
15 (Practice time - Need Robot). Practice going over portcullis
16 (Practice time - Need Robot). Practice going over rampparts 
17 (Practice time - Need Robot). Practice going over drawbridge
18 (Edgar - Need Robot). Run wench thing for climbing, run the solenoid from digital IO or PWM
19 (Tyler - Need Robot). In the automous mapping make sure that if the robot is offset by a small amount, ignore it
20 (Edgar - Need Robot). Make sure that all the arduino states are legal for the match.
21 (Tyler). Set compressor to button, so if voltage is getting low we can turn it off.
22 (Tyler - Need Robot). Set camera to 320x160 and make sure it is at a static ip
22. (Tyler - Need Robot). Set up both driver and co-driver controllers
23. Edgar. Make sure the configuration file does not tell robot to go over wrong obstacle (ie if obstacle 0 doesn't exist don't go over it)




BEFORE COMPETITION:

1. Have long ethernet cable
2. Extra camera
3. Put 2016 programming stuff in the repo
4. Joystick controllers
5. All computers & chargers